{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa256

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Respected Bhabhi,\
Whatever has happened in past few days, I am the sole culprit of everything. It has been my recklessness and irresponsiblility that has made things so ugly and so painful for everyone. I know I have broken the trust of a lot of persons while doing this. And I think I will regret this and see the consequences of it throughout my life.\
Neelam was never at fault. She is the best person I could have had by my side, and I was happy till the time she was by my side. Due to her I had forgotten everything about my past and was very confident about my future. I think she was my only chance of having a stable and happy family life. But I don\'92t know why, somewhere in between I messed it all up. And due to my lies and lack of courage, I just kept on entangling into the mess and putting everyone else around me in the mess as well. I never wanted to do that. I never thought that I was capable of all this. But I don\'92t know what I was doing since past one year and everything got messed up. The only reason was me trying to hide my one lie with another lie.\'a0\
I know Neelam never deserved whatever she had to face. She believed on me totally. And I never-ever intended to betray that belief. And I was trying since last few weeks to win back that belief. And I would have made everything right if I had time with me. Somewhere I felt that if I do not get time, and I rush into this marriage on Nov 26, then I would not do justice to her. I have already seen in my childhood what happens to failed marriages. I think what Neelam had, and will have to go through now, will atleast be much better than anything wrong that could have had happened to her after marrying me. One thing that I had promised myself was that I will never end up like my dad. But maybe I will end up like him, and maybe I am like him. I will always regret leaving Neelam like this throughout my life, and you were right, what goes around does come around, and I might get everything back one way or the other.\'a0\
I am sorry that you and bhaiya had to see this side of me. I wish I could have been better in my conduct.\'a0\
I won\'92t be able to come to India sometime really soon. One reason is that it will be hard to get leaves at office, and I want to do justice to atleast my work now. Thats the only thing I have with me for now, to make career a little better. Another reason is that there is no way I can face you anytime soon after doing this.\'a0\
I can\'92t ever face many of my old time friends here who knew about me and Neelam since long. These are all people who have believed on me through thick and thin, and I know they wouldn\'92t have expected this from me either. Most of them don\'92t even know that my marriage has been called off. I will have to somehow tell them in the coming days.\'a0\
About the other girl Nikitha, I want to tell you that just like Neelam, it was not her fault too. She too was/is a victim of my lies. Only after coming back from India, I have come clean to her.\
I just wish that one of the days in past 4-5 months, i would have mustered enough courage to tell the truth to atleast one of the people involved. Everything would have been very much more simpler for everyone then, and everyone would have been much less hurt.\
}